Visual Analysis of US Broadband Disparities
================

# Background

As online services and devices become increasingly ingrained and
necessary in our lives in the modern world, the Internet infrastructure
and service providers that connect our devices to these online services
has become increasingly important as well. Americans depend on reliable
and fast broadband internet to conduct their business everyday in the
21st century.

Yet, despite this necessity, millions of Americans have little to no
access to broadband internet, most of them in rural areas where Internet
Service Providers deem it unprofitable to provide broadband service
(Fingas 2018). A lack of fast broadband Internet also means a lack of
new business investment in the community, as most modern businesses
require fast, reliable internet just to run, causing many rural
communities to take things into their own hands (Kang 2017).

These issues are magnified by the gross inaccuracies often found on
reports analyzing broadband connectivity, creating little motivation by
policy makers to fix things (Lenz 2018). This, and other factors like
unaffordable broadband prices, exacerbates inequality, by restricting
opportunities for communication, education, and employment to those who
need them most, like unemployed citizens (Fingas 2018).

<div id="refs" class="references">

<div id="ref-fingas">

Fingas, Jon. 2018. “Microsoft Says the Rural Broadband Divide Is Worse
Than You Think.” *Engadget*.
<https://www.engadget.com/2018/12/05/microsoft-study-on-rural-broadband-shortfall/>.

</div>

<div id="ref-kang">

Kang, Cecilia. 2017. “How to Give Rural America Broadband? Look to the
Early 1900s.” *The New York Times*.
<https://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/08/technology/how-to-give-rural-america-broadband-look-to-the-early-1900s.html>.

</div>

<div id="ref-lenz">

Lenz, Lyz. 2018. “Iowa: Rural Broadband, and the Unknown Costs of the
Digital Divide.” *Colombia Journalism Review*.
<https://www.cjr.org/special_report/midterms-2018-iowa-rural-broadband.php/>.

</div>

</div>
